README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.js`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

Switched the project to TypeScript

README.md, after:

# Next.js with TypeScript example

## How to use

Download the example [or clone the repo](https://github.com/mui/material-ui):

<!-- #default-branch-switch -->

```sh
curl https://codeload.github.com/mui/material-ui/tar.gz/master | tar -xz --strip=2  material-ui-master/examples/nextjs-with-typescript
cd nextjs-with-typescript
```

Install it and run:

```sh
npm install
npm run dev
```

or:

<!-- #default-branch-switch -->

[![Edit on StackBlitz](https://developer.stackblitz.com/img/open_in_stackblitz.svg)](https://stackblitz.com/github/mui/material-ui/tree/master/examples/nextjs-with-typescript)

[![Edit on CodeSandbox](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/mui/material-ui/tree/master/examples/nextjs-with-typescript)

## The idea behind the example

The project uses [Next.js](https://github.com/vercel/next.js), which is a framework for server-rendered React apps.
It includes `@mui/material` and its peer dependencies, including `emotion`, the default style engine in MUI v5. If you prefer, you can [use styled-components instead](https://mui.com/material-ui/guides/interoperability/#styled-components).

## The link component

Next.js has [a custom Link component](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-reference/next/link).
The example folder provides adapters for usage with MUI.
More information [in the documentation](https://mui.com/material-ui/guides/routing/#next-js).

## What's next?

<!-- #default-branch-switch -->

You now have a working example project.
You can head back to the documentation, continuing browsing it from the [templates](https://mui.com/material-ui/getting-started/templates/) section.
